add supported authentication modes (#18269)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/hyperdrive/reference/supported-databases.mdx

| Timescale       | ✅                       | All                      | See the [Timescale guide](/hyperdrive/examples/timescale/) to connect.                               |
| Materialize     | ✅                       | All                      | Postgres-compatible. Refer to the [Materialize guide](/hyperdrive/examples/materialize/) to connect. |
| CockroachDB     | ✅                       | All                      | Postgres-compatible. Refer to the [CockroachDB](/hyperdrive/examples/cockroachdb/) guide to connect. |
| MySQL           | Coming soon              |                          |                                                                                                      |
| SQL Server      | Not currently supported. |                          |                                                                                                      |
| MongoDB         | Not currently supported. |                          |                                                                                                      |

## Supported PostgreSQL authentication modes

> Hyperdrive supports the following authentication modes for connecting to PostgreSQL databases:

Author: ```suggestion
Hyperdrive supports the following [authentication modes](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/auth-methods.html) for connecting to PostgreSQL databases:
```

> Hyperdrive supports the following [authentication modes](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/auth-methods.html) for connecting to PostgreSQL databases:

Author: ```suggestion
Hyperdrive supports the following [authentication modes](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/auth-methods.html) for connecting to PostgreSQL databases:
```
